this podcast contains material that may
not be suitable for most viewers outside
of the Utah Idaho region your discretion
is strictly advised
you I you at byu-idaho two campuses
located in Idaho and Utah known for
their large number of beautiful women an
ideal place for any single man the
perfect dating environment students can
be gone have a good time but a few years
ago something like the world call it
the poof in my opinion the Idaho poof or
the poop in general has to be the only
hairstyle that could make the most
beautiful girl look like a guttersnipe
what we have here is the Utah proof
notice how the hair is ratchet up from
the back only from the back now on the
next slide you see here there is what we
call an Idaho poof and this one in
particular is not just from the back
itself but actually all the way around
even from the sides I I can't even
describe the words to I'm going to be
sick
Facebook based organization known as the
coalition against the utah proof has
made an effort to contain the situation
but they were too late the style swept
the region like a wildfire look we can't
specify the exact origins of this
particular hairstyle you'll be it from
Provo or rexburg all we know is that it
came from the Utah Idaho region at least
that's what most experts have been able
to agree on America don't let this
happen to your loved ones
you